when do you know when to take the next
step it really depends on your goals and
what you have an inclination for
i think it comes back to the problem and
clarity understand
what you want i know it's not always
easy i
in the beginning also did not know what
i want but put in the mental effort
and consider all the options go deep
write a journal reflect
talk to people who are in a position
that you think you want to be and
see what it's like gather as much data
points as possible and see what the
pattern is see what you're strong at
ask other people what you're really good
at i think the best decisions come from
understanding
yourself really well if you know what
you can do and what not you can work on
it
you can shape out a path for yourself
it's much easier and clearer in terms of
what
your next steps are supposed to do